Okay.
So let's start with the easiest option, which is the newly released OS shell console.
So in your account, in the top right, you will see this cloud shell icon.
So if you click that, it should open up a cloud shell terminal.
So it takes a couple of minutes.
So I'm going to pause the video and come back when this terminal is up and running.
All right.
So Cloud Shell is up and running.
A W.
S Cloud shell already have a W sky installed.
And to check it out, you could simply run a w s dash dash version.
So it shows the NWSL live version, 2.5.8 is already installed and now let's run some SQL commands.
So let's say we want to list the S3 bucket.
So you can simply run a w s as three ls.
This lists all the buckets in my account.
Also, keep in mind that a cloud shell inherits the permissions from the IAM user that I'm logged into
this account with since my current logged in user has the permission to list S3 buckets.
SQL Command for listing S3 bucket is going through.
All right, folks.
That's it for this one.
I'll see you guys and gals in the next lecture.